Master Shen, I'll give you something when you come back.
Help me find out
Who was leaving a message for me last night saying this?
Head Wei, Shen Crow
Or did you catch it yourself?
How did you become Lord Shen?
You are questioning me
Hey, don't dare, don't dare
Someone came and interrogated everyone present separately
Lord Shen has already checked it out
After Mr. Shen entered the customs
Each trial has five or six people in hand
With my many years of experience
They didn't wake up
Crow
From yesterday to now, I have basically been in the hall
No one was found to have touched grandpa's coffin
Oh, I see.
Snow Fox
Send it to you.
Inspector Wei, Grandpa Zheng Long's enemies are deeply hidden
Don't reveal his identity for the time being
Wuhan to find out this life is boundless
What identity is it?